Update installation.md (#1379)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/usage/installation.md

---
title: Installation
subtitle: Install the software requirements needed to run nf-core pipelines.
menu:
  main:
    weight: 20
---

## Nextflow

All nf-core pipelines use Nextflow, so this must be installed on the system where you launch your analysis.
See [nextflow.io](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/getstarted.html#installation) for the latest installation instructions. Once installed, see [_Nextflow configuration_](configuration.md) to set up Nextflow to run on your system.

### Typical installation

> Nextflow runs on most POSIX systems (Linux, Mac OSX, etc) and can typically be installed by running these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextflow runs on most POSIX systems (Linux, macOS, etc) and can typically be installed by running these commands:
```
